───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ WHAT THIS FILE IS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

Research & tests done by Orsal (eggdog1050), with some very insightful help from others, notably rng_guy and LunicAura. 
Everything here was tested using VltEd; this is an attempt to document most pursuit related parameters in VltEd.
I encourage others to test some of these parameters (especially those where i couldn't find any changes), just to make sure 
this documentation is correct, and also to take notes of any possible anomalies caused by mods. Please let me know if you
find anything wrong in here.



   ■ ────────────────────────────────────────────── ■
   │               TABLE OF CONTENTS                │
   │ ────────────────────────────────────────────── │
   │ 1) Heat Level Parameters                       │
   │ 2) Support Options                             │
   │ 3) Cop Formations                              │
   │ 4) Cop Spawn System                            │
   │ 5) Collision Reactions                         │
   │ 6) AI Vehicle Fields                           │
   │ 7) Damage Specs                                │
   │ 8) PVehicle Fields                             │
   ■ ────────────────────────────────────────────── ■




───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ HEAT LEVEL PARAMETERS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

 ⬘ Since there are many parameters here, i won't include those with self explanatory names such as "NumCopsToTriggerBackup" 
 or "BackupCallTimer" (unless the names are misleading or confusing)

    ● FRONT, REAR & HELI LOS; HELI FUEL TIME
The Line of Sight distance of cops from their front and rear, or the Helicopter's LoS. If you're beyond this, they can't see 
you. Heli Fuel Time is simply how long the heli can fly before it needs to refuel (despawn). 

    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: cops will always see you and react to your movements regardless of LoS; it only determines if you'll evade
    or not.


    ● BUST SPEED
It's NOT how fast you get busted. It's the speed (in km/h) that you need to have in order to be bustable; if you go below
it within a cop's bust distance, you can get busted.

 • BY THE WAY: The bust timer is hardcoded to be 5 seconds.
 • BY THE WAY: The evade timer is hardcoded to be approx. 7.14 seconds (thanks to rng_guy).


    ● METER DEAD ZONE DISTANCES
These are purely cosmetical parameters that change when the ORANGE busted/evade meters (not the green or red ones) begin
filling. The time to be busted is still 5 seconds and you'll only evade when out of the cops' sight no matter what; changing
these parameters will only confuse players. Bust distance and time are hardcoded into the game. I strongly suggest leaving
these parameters with their default values.

 • BY THE WAY: The distance from which you can be busted is 15 meters (thanks to rng_guy).
               The evade distance is related only to the LoS parameters.


    ● 0x1e2a1051 ("REP POINTS PER MINUTE")
The user hash is misleading, it's actually rep points (bounty) gained every 10 seconds during a pursuit.


    ● 0x80deb840 ("SCALE ESCALATION PER BUCKET")
The time (in seconds) required to increase the heat level, based on your current blacklist rival (bin). Some activities have
bins beyond 15, such as the Challenge Series (19 by default). The array has, by default, fields ranging from [0] to [14]. 
Each blacklist member gets the field with the same number as them, which means that [14] isn't Sonny as you'd expect (since
it starts at 0), it's Taz. ANYTHING BEYOND TAZ (bin 14) WILL SHARE VALUES WITH THE [14] FIELD, EVEN IF YOU EXPAND THE ARRAY.
The [0] field does nothing, even after you beat Razor.


    ● TIME PER HEAT LEVEL
This is a multiplier for the amount of time required to increase the heat level. It's applied alongisde the parameter above.
Note that race heat levels use the default escalation of 1 second, so they use this parameter instead to escalate the heat
level during races.


    ● TIME TO HIDE IN ZONE
Doesn't seem to do anything.


    ● ROADBLOCK PROBABILITY & ROADBLOCK HELI CHANCE
Every time you reach one of the roadblock spawn points, the game calculates whether one should spawn, with the value of this 
field ranging from 0 to 100. Roadblocks spawn on top of support options, however. Read the "Chance" explanation in Support 
Options for a better understanding of this. Roadblock Heli Chance is an unused parameter that does nothing.

 • BY THE WAY: Roadblocks in the game have a hardcoded cooldown between each one: a random number between 8 and 12 whenever
               a regular roadblock or LeaderSupport spawns, or 15 seconds whenever a HeavySupport spawns (thanks to rng_guy).


    ● EVADE TIMEOUT & HIDDEN ZONE TIME MULTIPLIER
The "cooldown" time to evade the pursuit once you've lost the cops, and the time multiplier of Hiding Spots for that cooldown 
(a multiplier for how fast the time passes, not for the timer itself; for example, a value of 3 makes a Hiding Spot's cooldown
3 times faster).

    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: The Evade Timeout parameter includes the evade timer, which is approximately 7 seconds. For example, if you
    set an Evade Timeout of 10 seconds, you'll spend 7 seconds losing the cops and 3 seconds in Cooldown mode (thanks to
    rng_guy).


    ● FULL ENGAGEMENT COP COUNT & RADIUS
The former is the amount of cops that are "stored" in the cop counter above the busted/evade meters. The latter defines the 
radius (centered on you) for Full Engagement - this means that cops need to have been within this radius at least once during 
their lifetime in order to appear on the map; this includes Rhinos, but not roadblocks. Also, if they do not get within the 
radius at least once, they won't count down the Full Engagement Count when destroyed. Estimates done by me and rng_guy place 
the lenght unit at around 1 meter (in other words, the lenght parameters are most likely measured in meters). 

    ❗❗❗ HEADS UP: ExOpts' "show non pursuit cops" will ignore the radius and show all cops on the minimap, but the Full 
    Engagement Count still works as intended.

 ⬘ ESTIMATES OF MAP LENGHTS (Thanks to rng_guy for the estimates)
  - MINI MAP: Approx. 400 meters (radius, not diameter)
  - MAX COP SPAWN DISTANCE: Approx. 300 meters (radius, not diameter)
  - FULL MAP LENGHT: Approx. 5500 meters from north to south & west to east; diagonal of approx. 7750 meters. This means that 
    the smallest radius that covers the entire map from any position would be around 7750 meters (or 8000-10000 to be safe).
    

    ● TIME BETWEEN COP SPAWN & TIME BETWEEN FIRST FOUR SPAWN
As the name suggests, it's the cooldown between consecutive cop spawns. You still have to reach one of their spawnpoints to 
spawn them, however. Time Between First Four Spawn is used until the first 4 vehicles of the pursuit have spawned; since 
challenge series pursuit events already start with more than 4 vehicles, this parameter isn't used in them.
    

    ● TIME BETWEEN HELI ACTIVE
Same as the Time Between Cop Spawn, but for helis.


    ● HEAT ADJUST FIELDS
They don't seem to do anything. You can, however, adjust the heat loss from customizing your car in the "fecooling" node.




  ➤➤➤ COLLAPSE FIELDS

   • WHAT COLLAPSE IS
When you get below a certain speed in a pursuit, cops will rush to surround your car in order to bust you.

   • INNER & OUTER RADII
They define the minimum and maximum distance from your car that collapsing cops will assume.

   • MAX COPS COLLAPSING 
Straightforward; max num. of collapsing cops. However, it looks like cops will collapse even if they're beyond the max
amount, but they'll also act erratically. This can lead to unpredictable windows for escaping, so i suggest not limiting
the amount of collapsing cops (value > 8) if you want a challenge.

   • COLLAPSE AGGRESSION
Defines how fast and aggressive cops will be when collapsing. Higher values seem to make them get closer to you as well.
Values that are too large will make the cops dumber than a flat earther rock, so stick to low values. I believe values
close to 2 are the hardest you can get without cutting two digits of the cops' IQ.

   • COLLAPSE SPEED
If you go below this speed (in kph), cops will start collapsing.




  ➤➤➤ SEARCH MODE FIELDS

   • WHAT SEARCH MODE IS
Search mode is when the cops lose sight of you and you enter cooldown mode.

   • ROADBLOCK CHANCE
Same as the regular roadblock chance.

   • ROADBLOCK RADIUS
Self-explanatory; the radius around your last seen position inside which roadblocks can spawn.

   • CITY/HWY MPH
Max patrol speeds, in mph, in the city and highway, respectively. This doesn't mean that cops will always be at those speeds.

   • HELI SPAWN CHANCE
Straighforward; spawn chance for the heli in search mode. It's calculated only in the first few seconds of search mode.




  ➤➤➤ 911 FIELDS

   • WHAT IT IS
911 is, as the name suggests, when cops are called in free roam.

   • NUM CIVIL HITS
Number of civil cars you have to hit for a 911 call.

   • CTS
Cost to state to trigger a 911 call.

   • TIME INACTIVE
The time required for a 911 call to happen if you don't deal enough damage. This one can only be edited in the default
node for some reason (thanks to LunicAura for pointing that out)

   • LIFETIME
Seems to be unused.




    ● DESTROY COP BONUS TIME
When you destroy multiple cops in succession, their bounty gets multiplied by 2x and then 3x. This field determines the max 
amount of time for that to happen (e.g. if you have it at 10, you have up to 10 seconds to destroy another cop in order to get 
bonus bounty).


    ● STAGGER FORMATION TIME
The time between two consecutive formations. During that time, cops will just follow you. The pursuit starts with this.
 

    ● SPEED REACTION TIME
I honestly don't know what this does. Cops seem to react a bit faster or slower depending on the values, but the changes are 
minimal, so much that they might not even exist. I'd keep the values low for high heat levels just in case.




───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ SUPPORT OPTIONS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

 ⬘ AirSupportStrategy
    0 = "HI_PURSUIT" - [NOT WORKING]
    1 = "PURSUIT"    - Heli follows you 
    2 = "SKID_HIT"   - Aggressive Heli 
    3 = "SPIKE_DROP" - [NOT WORKING]

 ⬘ HeavySupportStrategy
    1 = "E_BRAKE"             - [NOT WORKING]
    2 = "COORDINATED_E_BRAKE" - [NOT WORKING]
    3 = "RAM"                 - Spawns Rhinos 
    4 = "HEAVY_ROADBLOCK"     - Rhino Roadblock

 ⬘ LeaderSupportStrategy
    5 = "CROSS_FOLLOW"       - Spawns Cross 
    6 = "CROSS_BRAKE"        - [NOT WORKING]
    7 = "CROSS_PLUS_V_BLOCK" - Spawns Cross alongside two Federal Cruisers as henchmen.

    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: ExOpts' "PursuitActionMode" screws up a lot of the spawning logic, like Cross' priority mode, for example. I 
recommend not using it.
    
    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: Without other mods, EACH support unit blocks the spawn of other ones while their "DURATION" value hasn't yet 
passed. I recommend you use Cross with low duration values (or not at all), otherwise he will block the spawn of Rhinos and 
make the pursuit a lot easier. When his duration value expires, he'll still chase you (until he loses sight of your car), but
other supports will be able to spawn again. The heli seems to be a separate support that can coexist with the others. 

    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: When you have all 3 cop type slots being used, the oncoming Rhinos will sometimes spawn already in escape 
mode (they'll flee instead of trying to ram you). This is rare, so don't really worry about it. Thanks to rx for this 
information.
    

    ● MINIMUM SUPPORT DELAY
Once the pursuit reaches the inputted time value, supports and roadblocks can spawn.

 • BY THE WAY: All support calls in the game have a hardcoded minimum cooldown of 10 seconds between each one (thanks to
               rng_guy)


    ● CHANCE
The chance that a specific support option will spawn, and seems to be calculated whenever you reach a support spawn point. 
Each chance value is calculated separately; however, only one support option can spawn at a time, and they follow a priority: 
the closer to the "top" of the VltEd page or node a support is, the higher its priority, with regular roadblocks being the 
highest. According to my tests, the game calculates the chance of them spawning one by one, following that order, and whichever
one spawns first will be the result. The Heli seems to be a separate support that can coexist with the others. 


    ● DURATION
This one depends on the support. For Oncoming Rhinos, it seems to be the time that they'll keep chasing you if the ram fails. 
Once this ends, they'll flee from the chase, and too low duration values won't even spawn them. For Roadblock Rhinos, this 
doesn't affect them, but it works as a kind of "cooldown" between two consecutive support calls, so values that are too large 
will prevent new ones from spawning. For Cross, he'll keep chasing you until he loses sight of you - that's when he'll flee 
from the chase IF the duration value has passed. He can spawn again, unless he's been destroyed. WHEN A SUPPORT IS ACTIVE 
(INCLUDING CROSS!!!), OTHER SUPPORTS CAN'T SPAWN, so balance your duration values carefully.
     

    ● DURATION INCONSISTENCIES: 
Sometimes, for a yet unknown reason, even when previous Oncoming Rhinos despawn, the game treats the last support call as 
"active", preventing new Rhinos to spawn before the set duration. This is not a significant issue if your duration isn't too 
large (i suggest 20). 


    ● [CROSS] PRIORITY CHANCE & TIME
PriorityChance is the NEW spawn chance for Cross, and it's applied as soon as the pursuit reaches the value in PriorityTime. 
It's not applied if the regular Chance is larger than the priority one. According to my tests, Cross can only spawn once via 
priority mode. This can't be worked around even if you increase the size of Cross' array to have multiple sets of Priority 
Chances and Durations.

    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: Cross cannot spawn via LeaderStrategy 5 or 7 if another cop with the same pvehicle as him is already
                 present in the pursuit (e.g. if you have copcross as a cop chasing you, Cross won't spawn via support).
                 His henchmen from LeaderStrategy 7 don't matter, but the entire LeaderSupport group won't spawn if the
                 pvehicle of the leader (Cross in vanilla) is already present (thanks to rng_guy).
                 



───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ COP FORMATIONS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

 ⬘ FormationType
    1 = "PIT"            - A cop will try to take you down with a PIT manuever.
    2 = "BOX_IN"         - Cops will surround you from all sides and then brake coordinately.
    3 = "ROLLING BLOCK"  - Cops will make a formation ahead of you to slow you down and then brake coordinately. 
    4 = "FOLLOW"         - (Very passive formation) 
    5 = "HELI_PURSUIT"   - (Very passive formation) 
    6 = "HERD"           - Cops will surround your vehicle, but they won't brake coordinately.
    7 = "STAGGER_FOLLOW" - Used in races to make pursuits easier (Very passive formation)


    ● FREQUENCY
The frequency of a formation is, basically, a weighted chance system. This means that, whenever a new formation is chosen, its 
chance is calculated by dividing its Frequency value by the sum of all other frequencies. For example, if you have 3 formations
with frequencies 10, 20 and 30, the first one's chance of being chosen is 10/(10+20+30) = 10/60 = 1/6. This is the same system 
used to spawn Cop cars when possible. Two formations can't be active at the same time.


    ● DURATION
The duration defines how long the cops will try a certain formation before choosing another one (or the same one again). Two 
different formations can't coexist, so very long values will mean the cops will keep using the same formation for a very long 
time.

 ⬘ PARAMETERS FOR SPECIFIC FORMATIONS
    - ROLLING BLOCK & BOX IN TIGHTNESS:
Higher values decrease the space between the cops, but the changes are barely noticeable. It changes the most between 0 and 1, 
i don't know if it can change past those values.
    
    - ROLLING BLOCK & BOX IN DURATION:
This doesn't seem to affect anything.




───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ COP SPAWN SYSTEM │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

 ⬘ AVAILABLE COP TYPES (Vanilla)
  - Civic Cruiser              = copmidsize
  - Undercover Civic Cruiser   = copghost
  - State Cruiser              = copgto
  - Undercover State Cruiser   = copgtoghost
  - Federal Cruiser            = copsporthench
  - Undercover Federal Cruiser = copsportghost
  - Sergeant Cross             = copcross
  - Cross (UNUSED)             = copsport
  - SUV Light (RHINO)          = copsuvl
  - SUV Heavy (RHINO)          = copsuv
  - SUV Heavy (SUPERCHARGED)   = copsuvpatrol
  - Helicopter                 = copheli
    
    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: Without mods, the total amount of cops (spawned THIS way) that can exist is 8.
    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: Roadblocks seem to be wildly inconsistent when spawning the stationary units. There doesn't seem to be a 
fixed rule that determines which of the available cop types in that heat level will spawn and with what chances.   


    ● COP TYPE
Straightforward; the cop type that will spawn according to that set's defined values. Sadly, without mods, you can only have 3 
cop types in a heat level, and the heli takes up one slot as well. It seems like the game can spawn any vehicle in "pvehicle" 
and make it behave as a cop; simply write that vehicle's "CollectionName" in the Cop Type field.

 • BY THE WAY: If you want a mod that allows you to use as many cop types as you want in a Heat Level, i strongly suggest
               using rng_guy (oldmanjenkins)'s NFSMW Bartender mod.


    ● COUNT
The max amount of cops of that type that can spawn. I believe the cops spawn whenever you reach one of their spawn points, 
which is when the game calculates which of the three Cop Types will spawn based on their Chance values.


    ● CHANCE
A weighted chance system; read the "FREQUENCY" field in "Cop Formations" for better details. If a certain cop type has reached 
its Count value, its chance won't matter anymore when spawning the next cop. For example, say that you have 2 Cop types, GTO 
and GTO ghost, with counts of 7 and 1, and chances of 100 and 1, respectively. The GTO Ghost most likely won't be in the first 
7 spawns because of its very low chance, but it is guaranteed to spawn once the 7 GTOs have spawned, since their chance won't 
matter anymore.




───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ COLLISION REACTIONS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

   ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: The civic cruisers, "copmidsize", don't have Collision Reactions attached to them in the "aivehicle" node 
(even though there is a copmidsize node), so they use the default values. If you want to make values that are their own, you 
can easily fix this issue by doing the following: on aivehicle -> copmidsize, click PlayerCollisions and its [0] set. Then, 
rewrite the value of "DefinitionKey" as "roadblockcopmidsize". This fixes their roadblock behaviour. For the actual cops, you 
can add a "copmidsize" node in collisionreactions -> cops, and edit it as you wish. Then, in aivehicle -> copmidsize, edit the 
node and add the PlayerCollisionsDefault field. Open it and, in Class, write "collisionreactions" and, in Collection, write 
"copmidsize". Note that this has to have the same name as the node you added in collisionreactions.

   ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: The SUV Light node in "aivehicle" (copsuvl) has the wrong Goal number for roadblocks in PlayerCollisions. This 
means that they will use the default collisionreactions values for roadblocks. If you want to fix that, simply replace the 
number in Goal with the following one: 2656416483


    ● HOW IT WORKS
When you collide with something, the game calculates where you hit it (front, rear, front side or rear side) and applies those 
values to the vehicle to calculate the physics. The "COP PIT" node is used for cops that are performing a PIT manuever.
 

    ● MASS SCALE
A multiplier of that vehicle's base mass in "pvehicle" that is used to calculate the physics. For example, a vehicle with a 
mass of 2200 and mass scale of 2 would have an effective mass of 4400. BONUS: If you want to fix some vehicles like trucks 
having infinite mass, go to "rigidbodyspecs" and set "IMMOBILE_OBJECT_COLLISIONS" to False.
   

    ● WEIGHT BIAS
Determines where the vehicle's center of mass will be HORIZONTALLY located. A value of 0 means the center of the car; each car 
has its own values for extreme ends (front and back). They are symmetrical, which means that the extreme end of the back will 
have the same value as the extreme end of the front, but negative (this theory makes sense, but some centers might not be in 
the exact middle of the car). The game calculates where the center of mass is located relative to the point of impact to then 
calculate the amount of torque generated by the collision (more relative distance = more torque). This torque is then applied 
to the vehicle, making it spin.

 ⬘ ESTIMATED POLICE CAR LENGHTS (FROM REAR TO FRONT) (COULD BE WRONG)
  - Civic Cruiser   = Approx. -1.475 to 1.475   
  - State Cruiser   = Approx. -1.150 to 1.150
  - Federal Cruiser = Approx. -1.000 to 1.000
  - Heavy SUV       = Approx. -1.100 to 1.100
  - Light SUV       = Approx. -1.000 to 1.100


    ● WEIGHT BIAS INCONSISTENCIES 
Sometimes, roadblock vehicles will have different (probably default) bias values. I don't know why that happens.


    ● ELASTICITY
The same as the physical principle of Elasticity - it's the speed of separation after the collision divided by the speed of 
approximation before the collision. In other words, 0 elasticity means you and the other vehicle will have the same speed after
the collision, and an elasticity of 1 means the vehicle will (ideally) move away from you (after the crash) with the same speed
that you hit it with before the crash. Elasticity values can go from 0 to 1, and anything higher or lower will just turn into 1
or 0, respectively. Sadly, you can't bounce back after hitting an infinitely massive vehicle with an elasticity of 1, so no 
funny bouncy roadblocks.


    ● ROLL HEIGHT
This one is hilarious to play with. It's the height of the vehicle's center of mass, which is basically the same as Weight 
Bias, only vertically. I can't really test the heights of each cop car since the collisions don't always happen at the same 
height. The game calculates where the center of mass is located relative to the point of impact to then calculate the amount of
torque generated by the collision (more relative distance = more torque). This torque is then applied to the vehicle, making it
rotate. For example, if you hit a cop car that has a very high center of mass, it will rotate in a certain direction - it's the
same as hitting a wooden plank floating in space on its bottom with a ball.


    ● STUN SPEED & TIME
I don't think these do anything. They're both set to 0 for all vehicles in the game, so they might just be placeholder values 
for a planned mechanic that didn't make it.
       



───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ AI VEHICLE FIELDS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────                  
                               
    ❗❗❗ HEADS-UP: ExOpts' "Fix Helicopter Bounty" makes all bounty values of 10 or below (including negative ones) to 
automatically convert to a 100,000 bounty, so disable this if you want troll cop units that can take bounty away from you.


    ● BOUNTY ON COP DESTRUCTION (RepPointsForDestroying)
Each field, named [0] through [9], represents the heat level of the same number - the [0] field does nothing. The 10th heat 
level has no field by default, so all bounty values are set to 0. This can be worked around in two ways: the first one (also 
the best) is to expand the array to contain a [10] field, and set the bounties there (do NOT enable ExOpts' "fix bounty on heat
10"). The second workaround is to enable that ExOpts option, but it will force heat 10 to use heat 9's values, so you lose in 
customization. Basically, the number inputted in each of those fields is the Bounty reward for destroying that cop type at that
heat level. Even if you have a cop type that is shared between heat levels with different assigned Bounty rewards, the game 
will update the reward instantly as soon as you reach the new heat level, with no need to respawn that unit (for example, say 
that you have the white Corvettes spawn on both heat 5 and 6, but their Bounty rewards on those are 20,000 and 25,000, 
respectively. A Corvette that spawned on heat 5 will immediately have the new Bounty value of 25,000 as soon as you reach heat 
6).




    ● PLAYERCOLLISIONS & PLAYERCOLLISIONSDEFAULT

These two fields are what links each vehicle to their respective Collision Reactions. "PlayerCollisionsDefault" links a roaming
vehicle to its collision reactions, while "PlayerCollisions" does that for roadblock vehicles & cops performing the PIT 
maneuver. 

   • For the PlayerCollisionsDefault link, simply write "collisionreactions" in Class and, in Collection, write the name of the
node in CollisionReactions that you want to assign to that vehicle.

   • For the PlayerCollisions link, you'll need an array size of 1 if you want that cop to be in roadblocks or 2 if you also 
want it to perform PIT maneuvers. Each set has a Goal, a ClassKey and a DefinitionKey. For the Goal, you need to write a number
that will determine which task these collision reaction values are for; for the ClassKey, write "collisionreactions"; for the 
DefinitionKey, write the name of the node in CollisionReactions that you want to assign to that vehicle and its specific Goal.
Usually, the "coppit" node is used for PITs, and a "roadblock[vehicle name]" node for roadblocks.

 ⬘ GOAL NUMBERS 
    2656416483 = Roadblocks
    3965820082 = PITs




    ● MAXIMUM AI SPEED
Straightforward, it's their max speed in Kph. Oncoming Rhinos seem to have a base speed that can't be changed, BUT setting very
low values for this field or for the top speed multiplier seems to make them a bit slower, so avoid doing that if you want 
challenging Rhinos. However, giving them crazily high speed values won't make them super fast.


    ● TOP SPEED & ACCELERATION MULTIPLIERS
The top speed multiplier is weird. It can't go past 1, but it can go below it. It also doesn't seem to have any practical 
utility. The acceleration multiplier does work - it multiplies the acceleration of vehicles (big surprise here)
    



───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ DAMAGE SPECS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────
         
    ● HIT POINTS
Straightforward; the HP of vehicles. Higher values mean the vehicle resists more direct damage, but it will still die instantly
to Pursuit Breakers. A value of 0 makes that vehicle invincible, but they can still die to Pursuit Breakers.    


    ● HP THRESHOLD
The amount of damage that must be dealt to a vehicle for it to count. If you don't deal that damage or higher, it won't even 
count as damage.


    ● HIT POINT SCALE
This is a multiplier for the DAMAGE, not for the HP of the vehicles. Yes, it's terribly named. Lower values make the vehicle 
more resistant to damage on that area. The multiplier is applied before the HP Threshold.   


    ● VISUAL SCALE
As the name suggests, it's the above parameter for their visual damage. In other words, it's a multiplier for "visual damage", 
which means that higher values make it easier to apply visual damage to the cops.  


    ● FORCE
The amount of force required in the collision to deal 1 HP of damage. In a Gallardo (mass: 1614), i dealt about 2 damage when 
going at around 90 kph against a Federal Cruiser (mass: 2200) with a Force value of 20. The same happened for a Force of 2 and 
HP values of 20, so it's probably linear. Just keep it at the default value and increase/decrease the HP instead, it's pretty 
much just a multiplier. May the Force be with you.


    ● SHOCK TIME & FORCE; SUPPRESS DIST
I don't know what these do. Nothing changed on my tests.




───────────────────────────────────── ■ │ PVEHICLE FIELDS │ ■ ─────────────────────────────────────

  This is where you link a vehicle to its AI (aivehicle) and Damage Specs parameters, using the optional fields. You can 
  spawn any vehicle in here as a cop, simply write their Collection Name in the Cop Type field.


    ● TENSOR SCALE
AVOID messing with this, it heavily affects the car physics.
My GUESS, based on what i saw, is that it multiplies the amount of ROTATIONAL inertia a car has around an axis.

 ⬘ AXES
    - X - The car rotates around the axis that goes through its sides.
    - Y - The car rotates around the axis that goes through its floor and roof.
    - Z - The car rotates around the axis that goes through its front and rear.
    - W - Probably unused, as its value is 0 for all vehicles.


    ● BEHAVIOR MECHANIC AUDIO
Determines what sound the vehicles will make.

 ⬘ BEHAVIOR SOUNDS
    - SoundCop:     - Sirens
    - SoundRacer:   - Engine sounds from the "engineaudio" field. It looks like cops can't reproduce engine sounds even if
                      you add them, unless there's some parameter that i missed.
    - SoundHeli:    - Helicopter rotor sounds.
    - SoundTraffic: - Sounds from traffic cars, including engine and honk sounds.


    ● BEHAVIOR MECHANIC DAMAGE
Determines what visual damage will be displayed by the vehicles.

 ⬘ BEHAVIOR DAMAGES
    - DamageCopCar: - I don't know all the differences, but this allows vehicles to be destroyed when upside down, as well
                      as to be immune to spike strips.
    - DamageRacer:  - I don't know all the differences, but vehicles with this damage don't get destroyed when upside down 
                      and aren't immune to spike strips.
    - DamageHeli:   - I don't know what this does, but you should probably use it for all heli-type vehicles just in case it 
                      affects something important.
 

    ● BEHAVIOR MECHANIC DRAW
Determines the visual effect of the vehicles.

 ⬘ BEHAVIOR DRAWS
    - DrawCopCar:  - I don't know where the difference is.
    - DrawRaceCar: - I don't know where the difference is, but cops with racer models have more stable models if you use
                     DrawCopCar.
    - DrawHeli:    - Gives cars the heli's wind effects on the ground. Removes cop lights.
    - DrawTraffic: - I don't know where the difference is.


    ● BEHAVIOR MECHANIC ENGINE
Determines how the vehicle will act.

 ⬘ BEHAVIOR ENGINES
    - EngineRacer:   - Standard behavior for racers and cops.

    - SimpleChopper: - Vehicles will be able to fly like a chopper, but you need to link chopperspecs and add a chopper
                       class to them first (see how below). They seem to follow HeliStrategy; I don't know if they also
                       follow the other Heli parameters, as i didn't test it.

    - EngineTraffic: - This doesn't change much, they still behave like cops, but with some minor differences in behavior.
                       They don't stop moving if you hit them like traffic cars do.

 ⬘ HOW TO MAKE A NEW HELICOPTER
 1) • Add the "chopperspecs" and "CLASS" array and field to the desired cop node,
 2) • in the chopperspecs array, write "chopperspecs" in Class and "default" (or any custom chopper specs) in Collection,
 3) • in the CLASS field, write "CHOPPER".

 • You can also use a new helicopter as a way of bypassing the one heli limit in pursuits, but they will use up one of the
   8 max spawned cop slots (unlike the default helicopter)

